forget the violence Cobra rabbit-like
together Oh hold on oh yes
forget the sex spare me the mystic crap
I came here to might forget everything
that makes this game so shocking and
their mere footnotes in terms of what
it's truly about more than any of its
multitude of situations that would cause
parents and activist groups to
collectively themselves this is a game
that simply gets it it gets the inherent
absurdity it gets the tradition it gets
what has always made video games fun
blows a sequel to the 2008 original and
modern cult classic No More Heroes 2
speaks its intentions loudly and wears
its flaws proudly more importantly it's
confident enough to know it's doing
something special after all from from
organizing petitions to whining on the
internet we've all had our own ways of
dealing with the Wiis lack of mature
games our own ways of well coping
everybody deals with grief differently
right some people the funerals I cut off
heads and so he does like over and over
again an assassin who is yet again out
to climb the ranks and prove he's the
best in the world at what he does
Travis touchdown has an electric laser
sword don't call it a lightsaber as well
as an attitude and personality which
effectively parodied the very Nerds
controlling him but of course it's all
so a celebration of that culture as much
as it's a modern take on the traditional
beat em up
No More Heroes to is also a video game
about video games they to earn money
Travis takes odd jobs that transform him
into things like I don't know how about
a how about an 8-bit coconut grabber
because who doesn't like to grab a nice
and fuzzy pair of coconuts and on a
totally unrelated note this this game is
a is a bit perverse no but you will get
a special prize shut up you can't bribe
me this time
now gameplay is very similar to the
first you move Travis with the analog
stick on the nunchuck and you swing your
sword with the a button but these brutal
kills and the even a selection of
wrestling maneuvers can be used with
situational motion and it actually works
brilliantly like its predecessor this
game's restrained approach to motion has
an incredibly satisfying effect on the
gameplay but what makes No More Heroes
to a great sequel is that it addresses
many of the original game's problems so
the boring vacants overworld has been
scrapped which means you just choose a
mission and you're there and that
streamlines the experience beautifully
and allows what the game does best to
keep the spotlight now to be fair what
the game does best can get a little
repetitive after all the incredible
style and humor aside No More Heroes 2
is a straightforward brawler genre
notorious for somewhat shallow gameplay
and though the game does a lot to hamper
that repetition from its side jobs to
new playable characters and ample
options for character customization it
can get a bit tiring when you're killing
such similar enemies in such similar
ways so yeah the game has flaws but
they're really not that important
exemplifying the punk rock ethos of its
designer No More Heroes 2 is a
ruthlessly stylish and energetic love
confession to it's very own media
it's not a perfect video game but you'd
be hard-pressed to find one more fun
more proud or more deplorable